♪
Ray it's me, Ray!
(Ray)
Yuma you gotta
hurry, please!
(screaming)
You there?
Hold on, Ray!
♪
Oh no!
Ray!
Reporting for duty, Yuma?
Yeah, sure.
But who's... that?
An unwelcome intrusion.
We'll finish this later.
Vector!
♪
Ray!
Oh no, are you okay?
Yeah.
Who was that guy?
He's the worst
Barian of them all.
And we've been
after him for years.
Vector.
Vector?
Listen, Yuma,
I've gotta go after him.
But while I'm away,
it is your duty to
protect this world.
Sir, you can
count on me!
♪
(Ray)
I'm leaving
these with you.
-Why?
-Because you're gonna need
all the help
you can get, Yuma.
Maybe so but these are
Barian cards, Ray.
And I think you already
know you have to keep it
a total secret that
I gave these cards to you.
Yeah, but...
maybe...
maybe we should
tell Astral that
even though
you're a Barian,
you're one of
the good guys.
We can't.
If anybody found
out about me now
that intel would only put
Astral in extreme danger.
But when can...
(Ray)
Astral will know everything
about me soon,
I promise.
But until then, you'll
have to trust me.
You have my
complete trust.
I'm at your command!
I'm counting
on you, Yuma.
♪
♪ Still together as one ♪
♪ 'Cause divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way
you know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time,
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today
you just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears
are gone, erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls
'til the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls
can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together ♪
♪ Regret it never,
our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep,
beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ We've got
nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing,
believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪♪
♪
(Mizar)
Yuma Tsukumo
and Astral
defeated Alito and Girag
in the human world.
They still have not fully
recovered from their duels.
Mizar, now you and I will
have to settle this score.
(Vector)
What's the matter
Girag? Alito?
You look a little...
under the weather.
♪
Well, the doctor
will see you now!
It is... Vector.
♪
Pardon me,
what did you say?
"We are weak.
We do not have the
strength to beat them."
"Can you cure us?"
Sorry... but I'm just
a veterinarian!
♪
Stop it, Mizar.
This is no time to be
fighting each other.
-Well, that time is coming.
-Anytime, Mizar.
Nice of you
to show up, Vector.
You have missed a lot.
Unfortunately,
Yuma and Astral
managed to stop
your brilliant plan
to have Dr. Faker and Vetrix
destroy Astral World.
♪
But you were
off somewhere,
not taking responsibility
for your failure.
But I didn't fail.
I was there and this was
all part of my plan.
Yuma, Astral,
Kite, Shark...
they're all about to meet
their fate together!
I know exactly
what I'm doing.
Trust in me and soon
I will crush them!
No one is going
to listen to you!
That is enough.
I am warning you, Vector.
No more of your
secret stunts.
Or you will
answer to me.
♪
Come!
It's time to
begin the end!
♪
With Utopia Ray V and these
Barian cards Ray gave me,
I'm invincible!
Not even the Barians
can beat me now!
What are you
so excited about?
Excited?...
You're hiding
something from us.
It's obvious, Yuma.
You might as well
face it, Yuma.
You can't keep a secret!
♪
(Bronk)
All right,
where are ya?
Show your cowardly faces
you Barian babies!
Crawl out of
your little holes!
Are you men or mice?
Uh guys, I'm not sure
it's such a good idea
to get the Barians mad at me.
Oh, Yuma, they're just
trying to help you out.
I wish they'd butt out!
Guys, what's that?
♪
Whatever it is,
it's not good.
♪
Guys, is everybody okay?
-Uh-huh.
-Oh, yeah, just great.
Yuma, what is happening?
It's gotta be
the Barians.
♪
Who are you?
I am what you dread.
My name is Vector.
I know that guy.
(Ray)
He's the worst Barian
of them all.
And we've been
after him for years.
Vector.
Yuma Tsukumo, Astral.
I've come here to destroy
you and your world.
-Astral what do we...
-Quickly, Yuma, the others.
Gotcha!
Go, guys, run!
♪
I activate a Barian
Sphere Field!
♪
Yuma!
It's been a while
since we dueled, Yuma.
What're you
talking about?
I never dueled
you in my life!
How quickly
we forget.
We had lots of fun together
when I took over Dr. Faker.
♪
What?
You were the one who was
controlling Dr. Faker?
I remember that Barian.
That was just a preview.
I've come to destroy
and to crush you!
And not just
Astral World.
The human world too!
He means it, Yuma.
I've heard enough!
This ends right
here, right now!
Duel Disk go!
♪
Duel Gazer, let's roll!
You should both prepare
for some shocks.
-Let's duel!
I'll go first.
♪
I summon
Umbral Horror Ghoul!
♪
I activate Umbral Horror
Ghoul's special ability.
By lowering Umbral Horror
Ghoul's attack points to zero,
I can summon an Umbral
monster from my hand
with zero attack points.
Appear, Umbral
Horror Unform!
Now get ready, Yuma.
I overlay Level 4
Umbral Horror Ghoul
and Umbral
Horror Unform!
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon Number 66:
Master Key Beetle!
♪
He's already played
a Number Card, Astral!
This does not
bode well for us.
And now, I activate
the spell...
Magical Tomb!
I select one card
in your deck
and put it inside
the Magical Tomb!
What?
Yuma Tsukumo, I happen to know
that you have a Barian card.
♪
So I'm sealing away your
Limited Barian's Force!
♪
You can no longer
rank up your monsters.
So I can't use
Utopia Ray V.
Next, I activate Master Key
Beetle's special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
I choose one card,
and you can't destroy it,
no matter what!
♪
I choose
Magical Tomb!
Now Limited Barian's Force
is totally untouchable, Astral!
It seems that is the card
Vector fears the most.
I place one card facedown
and end my turn.
That was easy.
Without Limited
Barian's Force,
you can't win!
Yuma.
♪
Go ahead, Yuma.
Draw if you dare.
Oh, I dare!
I summon
Gagaga Magician!
♪
Next I activate the
spell card Gagagawind.
I can summon Gagaga Girl
with one extra Level!
♪
Yuma's starting strong!
Like a wildcat.
Yay! Go Yuma!
Now I overlay Level 4 Gagaga
Magician and Gagaga Girl!
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon
Number 39: Utopia!
♪
Utopia's useless without
Limited Barian's Force.
Without its magic,
you need a miracle!
Yuma, activate Gagaga Girl's
special ability.
Right! When Gagaga Girl
is used to Xyz Summon,
its special
ability activates!
Your monster's attack
points disappear!
Cell Phone Subtraction!
What? Master Key Beetle's
attack points gone?
Go, Utopia!
Destroy Master Key Beetle
with Rising Sun Slash!
♪
I activate Master Key
Beetle's special ability.
Now I can keep Master
Key Beetle around
by destroying Magical Tomb!
♪
Master Key Beetle arise!
The card that was sealed
away returns to your hand
at the end
of this turn.
Tough break.
Your plan's not
working out, Vector.
(Astral)
Why would Vector go to
so much trouble to secure
Limited Barian's Force only
to let us have it back?
I activate the trap
Corrupted Keys!
It summons three Umbral
Horror Mirage Tokens!
♪
-Whoa, that's not good.
-No, it is not.
(Vector)
These Tokens have the same
number of attack points
as Master Key Beetle!
♪
They don't have any
attack points, Astral!
Vector is not a fool.
This must serve some
secret purpose.
Guess we'll see.
I end my turn!
Now Limited Barian's
Force returns to my hand!
As long as I have this,
we're good to go!
Remain on guard, Yuma.
♪
Time to get serious!
I draw!
I activate the spell card
Umbral Horror Refresh!
My monster's attack
points return to normal.
So Master Key Beetle's 2500
attack points are restored!
Now I regain the same
number of life points!
♪
And my three
Mirage Tokens
each get a 2500 attack
point increase as well.
He's got four monsters
with 2500 attack points!
♪
Mirage Tokens, swarm
all over Utopia!
♪
(Yuma)
Utopia's got 2500 attack
points, same as them.
But a Number can only be
destroyed by another Number,
so Utopia's safe!
Yuma, you must stop
this attack at once!
Why?
Vector would not
attack without reason.
You're right, Astral.
I use two Overlay Units to put
a stop to your Tokens attacks!
Light Wing Shield!
♪
Umbral Mirage Token
Number 3... attack!
I don't get it.
What's he got
up his sleeve?
Hmm.
(Vector)
Attack Utopia!
♪
I activate the spell
Umbral Horror Retaliation!
♪
Since you destroyed my
Umbral Horror monster,
this card destroys
your monster!
Vanish, Utopia!
This can't be!
♪
Utopia!
Save your screams for
there is more to come!
Master Key Beetle attack!
Key Blast!
♪
A good time
to end my turn.
Vector still has three
monsters on his field.
We are at
a disadvantage.
Yeah, and
without Utopia,
I can't bring
out Utopia Ray V.
(Ray)
Yuma!
♪
Look, it's Ray!
Ray.
You.
Yuma, listen.
You can wipe him out!
Just remember... use
your secret weapons!
(Yuma)
That's right.
Those Barian
cards he gave me!
♪
What secret weapons?
Oh, yeah!
It's my turn!
♪
It's in the bag, Astral!
Vector!
I summon V Salamander!
♪
And that's bad
news for you!
V Salamander
also lets me get
Utopia back
from my graveyard!
What? A card that
resurrects Utopia?
(Yuma)
That's right!
So look who's coming back!
♪
I activate Rank-Up-Magic
Limited Barian's Force!
♪
This card ranks up Utopia
into a Chaos Xyz Monster!
I rebuild the Overlay
Network with Utopia!
Go Chaos Xyz Evolution!
♪
Come on out Chaos Number 39:
Utopia Ray V!
♪
Now I activate V Salamander's
special ability!
I equip this monster
onto Utopia Ray V!
Salamander Cloth!
♪
Next, I activate Utopia
Ray V's special ability!
I use one
Chaos Overlay Unit
to destroy one monster
on the field,
and you take damage equal
to its attack points!
♪
Who cares.
I have three monsters
on my field!
Then I activate V Salamander's
other special ability.
Now Utopia Ray V's
special ability
affects every single monster
that's on your field!
What? You mean...
all of them?
Right! You have three monsters
with 2500 attack points each.
That means you kiss 7500
life points bye-bye.
Go, Utopia Ray V!
V Salamander Inferno!
No, I lost!
♪
Yeah! I am so
feelin' the flow!
Yay!
He was just purr-fect.
(Astral)
V Salamander.
Yuma never told me he had
another Barian card.
So, Vector...
Now you know not to mess
with Astral and me.
♪
(Ray) No!
What are you doing?
This is my fault.
I'm sorry, Yuma!
No, let him go!
Yuma!
I refuse to go away
empty handed, Yuma.
I'd prefer you, but
your friend will do.
Where are you taking him?
♪
The card will
give you a clue.
♪
Number 66.
Wish your
friend luck, Yuma.
He'll need it.
-Save me, Yuma!
-Ray!
RAY!
♪
(Yuma)
I'll find you, Ray!
No matter what!
Ray!
♪